Good evening, my fellow Americans. We don’t have a final declaration of victory yet but the numbers tell us it’s clear. They tell us a clear and convincing story we’re going to win this race. Just look at what has happened since yesterday. 24 hours we were behind in Georgia, now we’re ahead and we’re going to win that state. 24 hours ago we were behind in Pennsylvania and we are going to win Pennsylvania. And now we’re ahead but we’re winning in Arizona, winning in Nevada, and in fact our lead just doubled in Nevada. We’re on track to over 300 electoral votes, electoral college votes. And look at the national numbers. We’re going to win this race with a clear majority with the nation behind us. We’ve gotten over 74 million votes. Let me repeat that, 74 million votes, that’s more than any presidential ticket has ever gotten in the history of the United States of America. And our vote total is still growing. We’re beating Donald Trump by over 4 million votes, and that’s a margin that is still growing as well. One of the things I’m especially proud of is how well we’ve done across America, and we’re going to be the first Democrat to win in Arizona in 24 years. We’re going to be the first Democrat to win Georgia in 28 years, and we’ve rebuilt the blue wall in the middle of the country that crumbled just four years ago. Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, the heartland of this nation. I know watching these vote tallies on TV moves very slow, and as slow as it goes it can be numbing. But never forget the tallies aren’t just numbers, they represent votes and voters, men and women who exercised their fundamental right to have their voice heard. And what’s becoming clear each hour is that a record number of Americans of all races, faiths religions chose change over more of the same. They’ve given us a mandate for action on COVID, the economy, climate change, systemic racism. They made it clear they want the country to come together not continue to pull apart. The people spoke, more than 74 million Americans and they spoke loudly for our ticket. But while we’re waiting for the final results I want people to know we’re not waiting to get the work done and start the process. And what’s becoming clear each hour is that a record number of Americans of all races, faiths religions chose change over more of the same. They’ve given us a mandate for action on COVID, the economy, climate change, systemic racism. They made it clear they want the country to come together not continue to pull apart. The people spoke, more than 74 million Americans and they spoke loudly for our ticket. But while we’re waiting for the final results I want people to know we’re not waiting to get the work done and start the process. Yesterday, Senator Harris and I held meetings with groups of experts on public health and the economic crisis this country is facing. That pandemic as you also know is getting more worrisome all across the country. Daily cases are skyrocketing and it’s now believed that we could see as many as 200,000 cases in a single day. The death toll is approaching 240,000 lives lost to this virus. That’s 240,000 empty chairs at kitchen tables and dining room tables all across America. We’ll never be able to measure all that pain and the loss, the suffering that so many families have experienced. We know something about what it feels like to lose to someone and I want them to know they’re not alone. Our hearts break with you. I want everyone, everyone to know on day one, we’re going to put our plan to control this virus into action. We can’t save any of the lives lost, any of those who have been lost but we can save a lot of lives in the months ahead. Senator Harris and I also heard yesterday about how this recovery is slowing. Because of the failure to get the pandemic under control more than 20 million people are on unemployment. Millions are worried about making rent and putting food on the table. Our economic plan will put a focus on a path to a strong recovery. Look, we both know tensions are high, they can be high after a tough election, the one like we’ve had but we need to remember we have to remain calm, patient. Let the process work out as we count all the votes. We’re proving again what we’ve proved for 244 years in this country, democracy works. Your vote will be counted. I don’t care how hard people try to stop it, I will not let it happen. The people will be heard, our journey is sort of a more perfect union and it keeps moving on. In America, we hold strong views, we have strong disagreements and that’s okay. Strong disagreements are inevitable in a democracy and strong disagreements are healthy, they’re a sign of a vigorous debate of deeply held views. But we have to remember the purpose of our politics isn’t total, unrelenting, unending warfare, no. The purpose of our politics, the work of the nation isn’t to fan the flames of conflict but to solve problems, to guarantee justice, to get to improve the lives of our people. We may be opponents but we’re not enemies, we’re Americans. No matter who you voted for I’m certain of one thing, the vast majority of them, almost 150 million Americans who voted they want to get the vitriol out of our politics. We’re certainly not going to agree on a lot of issues but at least we can agree to be civil with one another. We have to put the anger and the demonization behind us. It’s time for us to come together as a nation to heal. It’s not going to be easy, we have to try. My responsibility as president will be to represent the whole nation. And I want you to know that I’ll work as hard for those who voted against me as those who voted for me, that’s the job, that’s the job, it’s called the duty of care for all Americans. We have serious problems to deal with from COVID to the economy, to racial justice and climate change. We don’t have any more time to waste on partisan warfare. And more than that we have such an incredible opportunity to build a future we want for our kids and our grandkids. I’ve said many, many times, I’ve never been more optimistic about the future of this nation. There is no reason we can’t own the 21st century. We just need to remember who we are, this is the United States of America and there’s never been anything, anything we’ve been unable to do, unable to accomplish when we’ve done it together. I hope to be talking to you tomorrow. I want to thank you all and may God bless you, and may God protect our troops. Good night. Your patience is commendable. We knew this was going to go long, but who knew we’re going to go into maybe tomorrow morning, maybe even longer. But look, we feel good about where we are. We really do. I’m here to tell you tonight, we believe we’re on track to win this election. We knew because of the unprecedented early vote and the mail-in vote it was going to take a while. We’re going to have to be patient until the hard work of tallying the votes is finished. And it ain’t over until every vote is counted, every ballot is counted. But we’re feeling good. We’re feeling good about where we are. We believe one of the nets has suggested we’ve already won Arizona, but we’re confident about Arizona. That’s a turnaround. We also just called it for Minnesota. And we’re still in the game in Georgia, although that’s not one we expected. And we’re feeling real good about Wisconsin and Michigan. And by the way, it’s going to take time to count the votes, we’re going to win Pennsylvania. I’ve been talking to the folks in Philly, Allegheny County, Scranton, and they’re really encouraged by the turnout and what they see. Look, we can know the results as early as tomorrow morning. But it may take a little longer. As I’ve said all along, it’s not my place or Donald Trump’s place to declare who’s won this election. That’s the decision of the American people. But I’m optimistic about this outcome. And I want to thank everyone of you who came out and voted in this election. And by the way, Chris Coons and the Democrats, congratulations here in Delaware. Hey John, you’re the gov. Yeah, the whole team man. You’ve done a great job. I’m grateful to the poll workers, to our volunteers, our canvassers, everyone that participated in this democratic process. And I’m grateful to all of my supporters here in Delaware and all across the nation. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And folks, you heard me say it before, every time I walk out of my grandpa’s house up in Scranton he’d yell, “Joey. Keep the faith.” And my Grandma, when she was alive, “Y’all know Joey spread it.” Keep the faith guys, we’re going to win this. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Your patience is great. You all must be crazy. As my mother from Scranton said, God love you. Thanks for being here. The one thing I’ve always been able to count on my whole career, unions. I know how to say union. I’m working for those unions. Hey folks, it’s good to be back in Beaver County. The fact is that we’ve been in a situation for a while here that… and Greg, thanks for the introduction, I do appreciate it. One of the things about the iron workers is that I think you’re all crazy. You know what I mean? I remember iron workers endorsed me early on when I first ran for the Senate as a kid. A guy name Tommy [Shrank 00:00:47], and I used to walk in the union all the time and say anybody who’s crazy enough to walk up 16 stories on beam and shoot a rivet has to be nuts. But thank God you are. Where I grew up, you either joined a trade, you became a cop, you became a firefighter or a priest. I wasn’t competent at being any one of them, so look what happened to me. Folks look, Conner thank you for being here and thank you for all you’ve done. Ladies and gentlemen, this is about more than just an election this time out. There’s an awful lot at stake, and of course you’re going to send Conner back. That’s all right, I’m used to babies. Babies are allowed to cry, and anybody’s allowed to cry if they want. Anybody’s allowed to make noise too. Oh, well, look, I wanted to come by to say thank you personally. Thank you very, very much for what you’ve done. As the Mayor’s here, they tell me… I don’t know where the Mayor is. Where’s the Mayor? There you are, hey Mr. Mayor, thank you pal. Being Mayor’s a real job. They know where you live and Terry and Rob I want to thank you and everybody all over Beaver County. Folks, look, the fact is that from the very beginning of my career, I found myself in a situation where I’ve relied on labor. And I hope I’m demonstrated that labor can rely on me. We’re in a home stretch now. We’re in a home stretch and as my coach used to say in high and college, “It’s go time. It’s go time.” Tomorrow’s the day. Tomorrow we’re going to send Conner back to Congress. We’re going to hear what labor has to say. We’re going to win Pennsylvania and we’re going to show the world what America stands for. Folks, as I said, I wanted to come by and thank you personally for canvassing. And thank the Mayor and everyone else that I just mentioned to you. The fact is that there’s a lot at stake in this election. We are really at one of those inflection points. This is going to be more than just who governs the next four years. What happens now, what happens tomorrow is going to determine what this country looks like for a couple generations. And that’s not a joke. I really generally believe that. There’s so damn much at stake. And as we get this home stretch, you find yourself going home. At least I found myself going home. This is like home. I’m from Scranton, Pennsylvania. I grew up in Claymont, Delaware. And it used to be a steel town that had steel workers, used to have 5,800 steel workers in the town. All gone, all gone now. We got to get it back. We’re not going to get it back in Claymont, but we can get it back here in the United States. And folks, the fact is that as I said we’re heading to a home stretch. We know the stakes have never been higher. We know they’ve never been higher. My dad used to have an expression. He’d say, “Joey,” he lost a job in Scranton when coal died when I was a kid. And we moved on to Claymont, Delaware. He took us home to my grand pops house. And he made what I call the longest walk a mom or dad has to make. Up a short flight of stairs to the kids bedrooms to say, “Honey, I’m sorry. You can’t go back to that school. You can’t play in that Little League club anymore. Dad lost his job. We’re going to have to move. We can’t stay where we are.” And he made that walk, took us over to my grand pop’s house in Scranton and what happened was he said, “I’m going down to Delaware. There’s jobs down there. I’ll come home every weekend. It’ll probably take me a year to get one. I can bring everybody down.” And so that’s exactly what happened. From that point on, when my dad would talk about a job, he’d say, “Joey, a job’s about a lot more than a paycheck. It’s about your dignity. It’s about respect. It’s about your place in the community. It’s about being able to look your kid in the eye and say, honey, it’s going to be okay.” Not many people are saying that these days. Too many people are worried. I’ve never forgotten growing up in a hard working family in Scranton. The lesson that Donald Trump has never learned, because he can only see the world from Park Avenue. He can’t see what families like yours and mine have gone through. So he refuses to do the work to get this virus under control. He refuses to do the work to get our schools and our small businesses the resources they needed to stay open. Firefighters, teachers, cops, a whole lot of hard working folks. Refused to bring Congress together. They passed the money, but he refused to bring them together to provide for their families, the working families. Because he thinks Wall Street built this country. Well I got news for him, you already know it, Wall Street didn’t build America, middle class did and unions built the middle class. Unions built the middle class. That’s a fact. That is a natural fact. Look, I see the world from Scranton. I see this world from working class towns all around this state. And that’s why I build back better plan that I’m going to do is for the first time in a long time, we’re going to start rewarding work, not wealth. We’re not going to raise taxes for anybody making less than $400,000 bucks a year. If you make more than that, guess what? You’re going to start paying your fair share. You’re going to start stepping up. I’m going to ask the big corporations, the wealthy, to step up. 90 of the Fortune 500 companies, trying to railroad you guys, 90 of them, didn’t pay a penny in taxes. We’re going to invest the money that we collect of working people, creating millions of good paying union jobs. Two trillion dollars to build a more resilient infrastructure, roads, bridges, water systems. A whole lot more. Done by certified labor. And by the way, no matter how many times Trump tries to lie about it, I will not ban fracking. I never said I would. But I’m going to end Trumps incentives, to send jobs overseas. We have a trade strategy right now where you get 10% cut in your tax if you send a job overseas. We’re going to reverse it. You bring a job home, you get 10% and I want to promise you one thing, the president has control of $600 billion, handing out contracts for construction. For everything from building aircraft carriers, to public housing. Well here’s the promise I’m making to you, not one single contract will be let to a contractor who doesn’t have products that are all made in America. That’s a guarantee. Every one. We’re allowed to do that now, but we’ve never done it. It’s about time we stepped up and made sure people… by the way, one other thing I want to mention here. Donald Trump talks about himself as a tough guy. I grew up with guys like him around in Scranton. They thought because they had more money than us they could look down their nose at us. They thought that because they came from well known families, they somehow were better. Well let me tell you something, he talks about how tough he is, how hard working he is, how he’s done so much. Let me tell the things that bothered me most in this campaign and I have to tell you, the way he talked about our veterans as being losers, losers? What’s this guy all about? Who is he? He doesn’t understand what’s going on. Folks, my son was the Attorney General of Delaware. He gave up his seat to go fight in Iraq for a year. He won the Bronze Star, service medal. And he came home and he died of cancer, but he came home and guess what? He was no loser. Trump’s a loser. And all of you who served. All of you who have served. I really mean it. Think about it, think about it. Is there any wonder why… this is the first president that I’m aware of. The six top Generals to work for him, six, four star Admirals and Generals, they all left to say he wasn’t worthy of being Commander in Chief. They quit. McRaven, Special Forces. There are the guys who did a lot commanding. They both endorsed me and they came along, 22 Four Stars stepped up and endorsed me because they knew I’d have their back as Commander in Chief. This guy doesn’t get it. I really mean it, many of you served. Took physical courage to do it. He doesn’t get it. Folks, we owe the military. One percent of the Americans, are protecting the other 99% of us. We owe them big. Look, we can only get this done though, we can only get this done in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvanians vote. We got to make sure everybody returns their ballot or votes tomorrow. Make sure everyone, everyone you know does the same. It’s time to rebuild the backbone of this country. The middle class, and this time bring everybody along. Everybody. It’s time to unite this country. There’s an amazing thing about this moment on history; on the one hand we’re facing the biggest threat to who we are, what we believe in our lifetimes, but on the other hand our future has never been more promising. I’ve said it many times, I’m more optimistic about America’s future today, than when I got elected as a 29 year old kid to the Senate. Here’s why: we’re in a better position than any nation in the world to lead the 21st century. Our workers are three times productive as workers around the world. We have the biggest economy in the world. The strongest military in the history of the world. We have the most innovative entrepreneurs. We’re virtually energy independent and we have more great research universities than the rest of the world combined. No other nation can touch us. No other nation can lead us. We can lead by the power of our example, not just the example of our power. The only thing that can tear America apart is America itself, and that’s exactly what Donald Trump’s been trying to do from the very beginning. Divide America. Pitting American’s against one another. Rural versus urban. Based on race, gender, ethnicity, national origin, our religion. That’s wrong. That’s not who we are. Everybody knows who Donald Trump is. But we’re about honor, integrity, dignity. This is the United States of America. We’ve got to let them show who we are. We choose, we choose hope over fear. We choose unity over division. We choose science over fiction, and yeah we choose truth over lies, constant lies. It’s time to stand up, take back this democracy. We can do this. We’re so much better than we’ve been. We can be you have ever seen, I guarantee you a seat at the table. God love you all, and thank you, thank you, thank you. Let’s get this vote out. May God protect our troops. Thank you. I want to do something that I feel very proud about. The son I told you about who I lost, I want his two children to come up here with me. Come here. This is Natalie, don’t be silly. We’ve got an economic crisis, and we have a crisis of justice that affects us in every aspect of our lives. Oh, aren’t we glad that in just four more days, in just four more days, we have an opportunity to elect Joe Biden and vice president Kamala Harris? And let me tell you, they’re going to build back better. They are going to trust science and have us do the testing and the tracing and taking the measures that will control the virus. And then, and only then will we be able to control our economy. And when they provide us some economic relief, they’re going to build back better. We’re not going to pretend that $7.25 an hour was okay. They’re going to build back better, create opportunity for small businesses, for black-owned businesses, for women-owned businesses, decent affordable housing, and educational opportunity and safe schools. They’re going to build back better. They’re going to build a healthcare system that’s affordable, and is going to protect people with pre-existing conditions, not just signs of empty promises. They’re going to build back better so that we can respect each other again and start creating a more just and equitable society for all of us, not just for some of us, but for all of us. I’m reminded at this moment of a song that’s made popular by Andrew Day called Rise Up. And that’s what we going to do on this battlefield y’all. We going to rise up. And I know we’re broken down and tired. I know we’ve been tired of living on this merry-go- round, and I know you might not see it right now, but we going to find the fighter in all of us, and we going to move mountains. We going to rise up, kind of like the wave. We going to rise up in spite of the hate. We’re going to rise up and we’re going to vote and we’re going to create a brand-new tomorrow. Now, speaking of rising up like a phoenix, I want to introduce a young woman to you that is the pride of our community. I’m reminded of the words of George Henry White. He was a member of Congress, a black member of Congress, 1894 to 1900. He was the last black Congressman from North Carolina, before they started the Jim Crow era. And he made a floor speech on the House of Representatives, understanding and realizing that there would not be another representative from the South, not another one until 1972. And he made the speech and it referred to a phoenix, a mythical character that just somehow just springs up from the ashes and rises again. Well, this young woman is the co-founder of Phoenix, of Sherman Phoenix, in Milwaukee, taking a neighborhood that was beginning to be a part of the ash then, and has brought it back to life miraculously. I am so proud to introduce Joanne Sabir. Come on, girl. What a supreme honor to be here and to be introduced by one of my heroes, Congresswoman Gwen Moore. We are here on the precipice of the most amazing point of possibility. We are here to embrace once again, a democracy that honors all of our humanity. I’m Joanne Sabir, I’m a small business owner, I am what they call a serial entrepreneur.
