Thank you Fayetteville and North Carolina. Thank you very much. Tomorrow, we are going to win this state and we are going to win four more years in our great White House. With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, support our fantastic military, care for our veterans, protect your second amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that wonderful phrase, “Made in the USA.” Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. 33.1% just announced last week. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. It’s a number that we never even thought possible, nobody did. Nobody thought it was possible and we’re going to now even do better than that. It’s going very rapidly. While foreign nations are in a free fall, you see what’s going on with so many nations in Europe, unfortunately. I say that with sadness. We are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago, under Obama and Biden. You got to remember that, you got to remember that kind of thing. They didn’t do a good job. In fact, if they did, I wouldn’t have runned. If they did, I wouldn’t be here right now. They did a bad job. And Obama, he went out yesterday with Biden. They got like 14 people, they didn’t have too many. They didn’t have too good a crowd and we have five of these today. Five. We have some big ones. Thank you. I was thinking coming in because I watch these fake polls, everyone, no matter if we’re up by 10, if we know we’re going to win easily, he’s down by one point, he’s down by one… I just watch this fake stuff and I’m saying to myself, you know, we’ve been under a phony, fake hoax investigation for three years, nothing but bad and really corrupt publicity from these people. And I say- I wonder what the difference would have been had it been legit, had it been legit. And it turned out to be just the opposite. They were the ones who committed the crimes, not us. But I wonder what it would have been. It probably would have been a little bit easier, but you know the good news, we’re going to win anyway. We’re going to shove it. Thank you very much. Looking tremendous in Florida, so of course, they don’t mention that. It’s Florida. We are looking good. We’re really looking good all over in the real polls, not the Fox polls. Those Fox polls… There’s somebody at Fox who doesn’t like me very much, I can tell you. They are the phoniest polls and they were almost as bad four years ago. Actually, they were worse, but you get some of these pollsters, they work magic. And the amazing thing is, they hang onto their jobs. They do horribly. Look at what they did last… I had nine states and I had to win them all and they said I was going to lose all nine. This is four years ago. I was going to lose all night. It’s going to be very short evening for Donald Trump. And the polls said decisively, “I was going to lose all nine.” And that was the day before and I won all nine. No, I won them all. Or I wouldn’t be here right now. No, I won all nine. They said we’re going to lose all nine and it was quite depressing as I turned on the television, let’s see how we did, he won Florida, he won South Carolina. No, but thank you. And then they said they’re getting rid of the guy, like at Fox, I heard they were getting rid of that pollster and they kept him and they have others they kept. And you wonder what kind of a business that is? You wonder what kind. We have a case where in Wisconsin, we’re one up and I left there a couple of days ago. We had a rally, you wouldn’t believe it. Packed. Just packed. Just like last night, like here, but like last night, this was the section I wanted to come. This is considered a small, beautiful, cute little wonderful section- And they asked me and I said, “I want to be there.” No, and every vote counts. It’s very important. We had something last night in Miami. You would not have believed it. I don’t know who saw it on television. I don’t know, but you look at some of these results in Wisconsin, whether I’m up one or down one it’s right in that thing. I think we’re going to win Wisconsin because we have a lot of people that say, We don’t want to talk to you,” and then they go vote for Trump. The hidden voter or whatever they call them. Somebody said, “They’re the shy voters.” My people are not shy. They’re not shy. But in Wisconsin, so they said, ABC News, which is in my opinion, corrupt, but they’re all corrupt. ABC News, Washington Post, which is basically lobbyists, as far as I’m concerned for Amazon, it’s just a lobbyist. They didn’t say like, he’s two down, three down, four down, a fake poll. They said, “Trump is 17 points down in Wisconsin.” I could lose it. I could win it. I don’t know how I’m not, I did a lot of good things for Wisconsin, but let’s say it’s even and I call up a great pollster, John, and say, “John, let me ask you a question.” I think we’re one up in Wisconsin, but ABC, Washington Post, they did the same thing four years ago, if you remembered that, very close to the election, they said, we’re down 12. And then we won, but we were down 12 and it’s disheartening. It’s called suppression. What it does is it suppresses people. They say, “Well, listen, we love the president, but if he can’t win…” But they did it four years ago and we complained bitterly with a very good lawyer. I had very good lawyers in those days. We complained very bitterly and they changed it right before the election. I think it was one. We’re down one. They took it from 12 to 1 in about 15 seconds. And I realized, I said, “This is a phony business,” but now they come down and it says 17 down in Wisconsin, 17. I called John, John McLaughlin, he’s like the dean, he’s a great guy and he’s been very good with me. He said, “We’re going to win,” four years ago. He said, “We’re going to win easily this one.” He’s probably the biggest and the best. I said, “John, let me ask you a question. ABC, Washington Post came out with a poll. It said I was 17 down. I’m not 17 down. I might be one down or I might be two up, but I’m not 17 down. What’s going on? Why don’t they make it [inaudible 00:15:43] have to live after that? They have to do other events. Why don’t they make it three or four or two or five or something?” He said, “They can’t do that because they want you to lose and if you’re two or three or four, everyone’s going to go vote. They want to make sure that your people don’t vote and when you’re 17 down, people say, ‘I just can’t waste my time. I’m not going to stand on line.'” And I said, “Isn’t that sick?” And he said, “He knows some of the people and they’re very smart. They’re very brilliant. They’re smart people.” He said, “But if they made it five down or four down or six down even, so they make it something that’s so bad, 17 down.” I said, “Isn’t that a shame? I want to tell that story. Do you mind?” He said, “I don’t care. That’s the way it is.” It’s crooked stuff. The Fox polls are horrible. Every time I have a Fox poll, it’s horrible. I like some of the things on Fox, certainly Sean and Laura, and Tucker’s been great lately. I find Harris to be great, Harris Faulkner to be really good. She has been very good over a period of time. The great Lou Dobbs, he’s been fantastic. Jeanine, how do we Jeanine? And I appreciate you being here. We had some monsters last night. We had some little rough weather. It wasn’t like this. In Michigan, we had a slightly cold day with the wind blowing at 40 miles an hour in my face. And you’re lucky you have a President that doesn’t need a teleprompter. Good memory. I would have been in big trouble. There was no way you could hold paper. There was no way you could do, you were just… And my guys set it up where the wind was right smack in my face and I was looking at that flag from the plane and I said, “Oh no, here we go again.” But actually, the flag must be a very high quality silk because it’s not that windy, but yesterday, that was not an easy day. We had some very cold stops. And Biden and Harris, Kamala, Kamala. You want her? You want her as your first woman president? I don’t think so. And the radical left gain power, they will collapse our economy and send our nation into a depression. Biden will raise your taxes $4 trillion, massively increase your regulations, close down your factory, send your jobs overseas. That’s what he’s- … close down your factory, send your jobs overseas. That’s what he’s been doing all his life. Him and his group, destroy the suburbs, dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private health insurance, 180 million people have great health insurance. Shred your Second Amendment, confiscate your guns and indoctrinate your children with anti-American lies. Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and ban fracking. For a year and a half, he said it. Then all of a sudden he goes to Pennsylvania. “No, I never said that.” And the fake news doesn’t do anything about it. Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty from North Carolina to Michigan, to Pennsylvania. As long as I’m president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas. And we will remain energy independent. Sleepy Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars, in countries that most of you have never even heard of. He was a cheerleader for NAFTA … and they’re all coming home, don’t worry about it. I said it. He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the World Trade Organization. North Carolina lost 50% of all manufacturing jobs after those Biden betrayals. And now he says, “Oh, I’m going to …” he’s trying to follow my policy. He’s trying to follow my policy. He’s not going to do my policy has been doing this for 47 years plus, and for eight years as vice president, which is only three and a half years ago. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who raked in millions from China while giving them your jobs. He’s a corrupt politician, you see it. Now they say the laptop Schiff, that watermelon head, Schiff. “That laptop was produced by Russia.” Here we go again, Russia. Russia, Russia. Here we go again. Can you imagine what they must think of it? These people are crazy. No, it was produced by where’s Hunter? That’s right, it was produced by [inaudible 00:02:39]. No, Schiff knows. He a psycho in many ways, but he knows, it’s a total con game. I had to put up with it for three years and it affects it. When you see nothing but negative television every night, every night, every night. And then they find totally no collusion after wasting $48 million, 18 people, think of it. And then it’s no collusion, but then you have to run. But you’ve had three years of horrible publicity and they did it. I mean, they did it. They were the criminals. Hillary was a criminal. She deleted her emails. People go to jail for that. These are criminals. These are criminals. And say it any way you want to do it. But we took the brunt, then we caught him spying in my campaign and trying to overthrow a duly elected president of the United States. And that was before I even knew. That was while I was running, I didn’t even know. I’d hear these things, “Sir.” This is before I got elected. Guys would come up to me every once in a while. “Sir. Do you have anything to do with Russia?” I said, “No. Why do you ask?” “Oh, I was just curious.” Because it was like this thing floating around. Then they come up again, “Sir, are you sure you don’t have anything to do with Russia?” I said, “I have nothing to do with Russia. What the hell are you talking?” And you hear it four or five times, then you get into office and they come up with this scheme and this plot, it was a plot to overthrow the government of the United States. And then we have people that just don’t act fast. It’s just unbelievable. We have so much information. We have the whole thing, and Obama was involved and Biden was involved. They were involved, but let’s see what happens. People should move more quickly. In 2016, North Carolina voted to fire this corrupt political establishment. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first And if I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician is because I’m not a politician. If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it’s because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any president has ever fought for his people. Thank you. Thank you. Get out and vote. That’s all I ask, is take a little time and vote. We got to win this state. I think we win this state, we win Pennsylvania, we’re going to win Florida. We win Pennsylvania and you, were going to win the whole thing. We’re going to win the whole thing. And we’ll send them a signal like they’ve never seen before. This has not happened to them. “Big tech is so powerful. You can’t beat big tech.” They’re saying this. And I see it on Twitter. Trending, trending. It’s not trending. They put the most boring thing. Anything bad about me. Number one in the world on trend. Boring stuff. As opposed to affairs, scandals, that they didn’t even put that stuff up. It’s always Trump, two, three, four, or five items. It’s a fix. It’s a fix. This is a smart guy. We have his name. Everybody knows who he is. And I’m not talking about the primary. I’m talking about people that work. They take stuff out of a hat. “Let’s see? This is bad about Trump. Let’s make it worse. Okay, we’ll make it worse.” Number one trend in the whole world. No, that’s not stuff that trends, but these are phony guys. They fix the elections and you know what? They should be subject to campaign violations because they’re an arm of the Democrat National Committee. They work together. They work on messaging together. The Democrats, the fake news media, they’re the worst. IN fact, these are fake people. And if I’ve done one thing, it’s to expose the dishonesty in the media. And not everybody, but a big, vast majority, a vast majority. Not everybody. Look at us, we catch Hunter and Joe cheating. We catch them stealing millions of dollars. They refuse to write a story. Could you imagine if I got three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow’s wife? Could you imagine? Somebody gave me three and a half million bucks? Somebody gave me $20. They impeached me because they made a perfect phone call to the head of Ukraine. I never met the gentlemen. “Congratulations on your win. If you see anything corrupt, please call the attorney general of the United States.” And we have a corruption agreement with them because it’s been a very corrupt country. I actually have an obligation. Now, of course they impeached before they found out, before I decided to release the phone call. Isn’t it lucky that I had that call transcribed? Can you imagine? Now, they couldn’t do it. They didn’t know what to do. Crazy Nancy said, “This isn’t impeachable.” They said, ” You’re right, but let’s go through with it anyway. Maybe we’ll get lucky.” Because she didn’t know about the call. When she read the call, she said, “Ge didn’t do anything wrong. How did you get me into this? You shifty Schiff? How did you do it” Jerry Nadler, I’ve been fighting this guy for 25 years on the West side of Manhattan. Jerry Nadler, he’s a beauty, isn’t he? How did he get me into this? Well, let’s just keep going forward. It’s a disgrace. And I will say this for the Republicans, 197 or 697 to nothing, we won. And in the Senate, 52 and a half to one half, we lost a half a vote, I wonder who that could have been. But sleepy Joe Biden is bought and paid for by China. They gave the son a billion and a half dollars to manage. That means it’s going to make millions of dollars a year, but he does know anything about investment. Didn’t know anything at all about energy. He got $183,000 a month on energy. Think of that. Think of that, $183,000. I called a friend of mine on Wall Street, “Is just a normal fee.” He said, “No, maybe the most abnormal fee I’ve ever seen in my whole life. I’ve been doing this for 25 years.” He’s the biggest guy. But they’re bought and paid for. They got the money and then they were going for the big one in China. They wrote a letter to very big powerful man within the communist party. And where Hunter asked for $10 million a year, as he was going to recommend, he was going to talk. Here’s a guy didn’t have a job, got thrown out of the Navy. He got thrown out of the Navy. He didn’t have a job. Biden becomes vice president. And this kid is like a vacuum cleaner going all over the world, following his father, picking up the scraps. No he’s following his dad, picking up scraps. And then when you find the note where the big man gets 10%, the big man’s Joe Biden. The big man gets 10, then in one case, they said 50%, right? That’s more likely because he wouldn’t do it for 10. Because these people are all hangers on, losers. But that’s the story and it’s in a laptop. And now they say the laptop was made by Russia, therefore it has no credibility. Can you believe this? And so the news, outside of the New York Post, which really I hold in high esteem. They’re a hero paper and they endorsed me. I got a nice endorsement from, did you say from Pennsylvania yesterday, right? Pittsburgh Gazette. That was nice. Once I got through that first paragraph, it was phenomenal, actually. They said, “We don’t love his personality. We don’t love his tough.” I have to be tough. Look, I’ve been under investigation from before I ever became president. I have to be tough. If I were soft, I wouldn’t be here right now. And they don’t want to say that. I was under a fake investigation by a lot of fake people. Bob Mueller and his crew, the whole thing was a fake scam that should have never been started. And they knew the answer to the first day, but it took him two and a half years to put it down, no collusion, but they knew the answer the first day. So I was under investigation for the first two and a half years. Think of that. And then they say, “He’s tough.” But I’ll take it anyway. I’ll take their endorsement anyway. Because once you get over the first paragraph or two, it says all of the things we’ve done, which are incredible, which are incredible. And now we’ll have a chance to do it without the cloud. Because I had a cloud hanging over my head, whether we like it or not. And then they say, “He was tough. He fought too hard. He was somewhat crude. He was very, very nasty. His Twitter.” Now, you know what? If I didn’t have social media, I wouldn’t be here. It was the only way I could defend myself. So it was one of those things. But I just wonder, I was thinking, I asked the people on the way, if we have great people, such loyal, great people. Including a man that comes from an area not too far from here, is a good friend of these women who have been here, this is number 64 time for these incredible, beautiful, I think rich women and their husbands are in here someplace. But they had their husbands. They were at the one last night. That was a big deal, wasn’t it? But this is number 64. I would say I, right? 65. Oh, there’s two more. They come from North Carolina, but we have Mark Meadows comes from North Carolina. And he has been fantastic, he’s done a great job. He’s done a great job. Where is he? He’s probably working, bump, bump, bump with a phone. He’s got two phones instead of one. And he’s not going to break it up with a hammer like Hillary did. He’s going to throw it away. He’s done a fantastic job. And he loves this state and he loves North Carolina. And I specifically said, “I want somebody from North Carolina and give me Meadows.” Now I knew three years ago. I said, “We got to get Meadows in here.” Big tech, big media, big donors and powerful special interests are desperate for sleepy Joe to win. They want them to win. I’ll tell you who wants him to win, China. They will own our country because they own him, they control him and they know he will always be there to do their bidding. He’ll always be there. He’s a corrupt politician. I don’t care, I’ll say it. And I say it, everybody knows it’s true. Can you imagine? Big tech refuses to put anything in. They took the New York Post down for two weeks because they won’t let anyone write. If you put out a little tweet and say that Biden is corrupt, they will knock out your whole account. Nobody’s ever seen anything like this and you notice, it is outside of what I say, it is indeed fading away. Because you can’t have a scandal if nobody writes about it. So we have the fake news not writing about it. And you have the big tech not writing. So, how can you have a scandal? Nobody’s allowed to talk. It’s called suppression. We don’t have freedom of the press. We probably haven’t had it for a long time, but we don’t have … they say, “Freedom of the press. The American way.” We have suppression by the press. That’s what it is. What beautiful words I should have done the speech this way, it would have been much more interesting.
